Add info on schema hints (#45)
membrane-io/docs: src/content/docs/reference/memconfig.md

> Although `memconfig.json` is auto-generated by the [schema](https://docs.membrane.io/concepts/schema/) configuration in the Navigator, there are some aspects of the file that can only be modified from the file itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: memconfig
---

`memconfig.json` is automatically generated and updated based on a program's [schema](https://docs.membrane.io/concepts/schema/) configured in the schema editor UI (bottom left of the IDE). You should rarely have to edit the file itself, although currently there are some features missing in the UI.
```
